Hey guys, we're going to be going
over what Git is in this section.
So, Git is a version control system, which
basically stands for, when you write code
or whatever, you basically, keep track of
the different versions at different times.
In this case, Git is actually
a distributed version control system which
actually means that you have one central
place where all your code is located and
every single time you want to
do modifications, you basically,
make a copy of that code
onto your own computer.
So, that means, if I were to check out
from that repository and Jacob were to
check out from that repository,
we get an entire copy of the entire code.
And we get to play around however we want
as much as we want on our own computers.
>> And changes made in my repository
would be separate from changes
made in his repository.
And with version control system,
you are actually able to create
snapshots of your code in repository.
For example, if I make modifications
with my code, I can save that and
perhaps, later if I make an error or do
something that causes the system to crash,
I can always go back to that snapshot.
>> Exactly.
And also a huge part of Git
also is to share code and
basically to have everyone
be able to access your code.
Because with Git, you're able to upload
it to some sort of remote repository, and
you can just have everybody
just point everybody to it.
And with a simple command,
you can basically copy the code over.
It kinda takes away the struggle where
you had to upload it onto a USB or
you had to zip up all your files and
send it through email.
>> Yeah, and also Git,
it handles all the different, perhaps,
I made a change to a file and
Ora also made a change to a file.
As opposed to rewriting it over, Git has
a system that will either integrate them
together or let you know when
there is like merge conflict
>> Exactly.
Yeah.
>> So, Ora, did you have any experiences
with Git or how do you feel about Git?
>> If you're going to be a real
programmer, like you need Git.
It doesn't even have to be Git.
It could be SVN or Mercurial or
any type of version control system.
Git just happens to be the trending
version control system at the time, and
it happens to be actually
pretty awesome and
easy to use, especially for
individual developers.
But without a doubt,
if you plan on doing any real programming,
you need to have Git just
in case you mess up, and
you will mess up, you can always
go back to your previous instance.
How about you?
>> For me,
I do agree with all the points you said.
Just as an example, I was writing
this program for one of my classes,
and I accidentally deleted
a couple of the files.
>> Yeah.
>> And that those files were very crucial.
>> And as opposed to rewriting
the files and kind of trying
to sort through all that problem,
all I had to do was pull
from the repository and
I saved myself a lot of hours.
>> I can imagine.
>> Yeah.
>> I can imagine you have these core files
and all of a sudden, they're deleted.
So, Git help solve that problem.
So, we definitely recommend you
guys to learn more about Git and
get more comfortable with it.
>> Yeah.
In the next section,
we'll show you how to set it up.
See you then.